Improve documentation (#4)
hyperspy/rosettasciio: docs/file_specification/index.rst

> Reference File Specification
> ============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference File Specifications
=============================
```

> This section contains reference documentation for file specification available
> publicly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains reference documentation for publicly available file
specifications that has been used to develop some of the IO-plugins.
```

.. _edax-file_specification:

EDAX
----

> The file specifications for the :ref:`edax <edax-format>` file formats made
> available publicly available from EDAX:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following file specifications for the :ref:`EDAX <edax-format>` file formats have
been made publicly available by EDAX:
```

> - :download:`spc <edax/SPECTRUM-V70.pdf>`
> - :download:`spd <edax/SpcMap-spd.file.format.pdf>`
> - :download:`ipr <edax/ImageIPR.pdf>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :download:`.spc -- Spectrum<edax/SPECTRUM-V70.pdf>`
- :download:`.spd -- Spectral Map<edax/SpcMap-spd.file.format.pdf>`
- :download:`.ipr -- Image<edax/ImageIPR.pdf>`
```
